Oh actually I go academi maybe you're
going to cattery who does
well it's week seven of the NA LCS I'm
joined right now by impact after a very
clean victory against hundred thieves
with coverage presented by Omni slash
now impact that game you did incredibly
well you got a lot of kills why do you
think you had such success oh I think
let me turn this passion it's not I
think this this week there's no practice
position that's you right there the
enemies die look sit idle is it because
I list a flash down and tell trip I met
a pipe levitate Riordan but that time we
ever shine with Eli I didn't know a
speciality or I'll just forgot
Chenoa T so just I know that they're in
a practice position so I'm trying that
that's why I gave me really easy io
focus my Shengo - very good and what do
you think of the new matter everything
is so different just better it's
different I think because I think just
can can only strong anyway it's been
tough but if you have banner their enemy
need engage because just put your
deterrent so and that matter I think
like that because snowball really easy
if you winning so that's why all these
very important now oh yeah I like that
because Tongo poor America people to me
game not gathering in stone and just buy
it you know it looks loose bun and I
didn't look what looks fun watching and
it's a beast so many thing is coming -
now you can everything plating now so I
like that what do you think of the sort
of minion G materializer
tactics that people are using to deal
with the cannon minion I think it's okay
if you can line pitch but I don't like
because you need a I think if you go
team or minion thing you not go you
cannot get cookie right so it's line
pages are little
may be lost I'm not sure but if the tank
was tank I agree because tanks
supporting support I agree they but some
nice don't need I think
cookie little importers bottom line
because you am an item to now just go
catalyst right so you evil ways you just
have a PI percent 10% mana you lead a
super if you eating cookie so that top
site cannot buy parm can so make bottom
side right looks okay because you need
waiting 30 minute and just can clear
banner but you need hitting 30 minute 30
minute
I don't like that okay now with Team
Liquid it seems like Team Liquid is kind
of like this why is Team Liquid like
that and are you going to be able to
level out and be good all the time I
think we just discern now because if we
when you're losing we just try we just
called it's no B's you know just we need
beck flick midnight now we need flag
make now but not not anymore
we try fix that and we just losing is
point we can win and we can just go we
can just people watching we can do now I
watch we need to give week talking about
this so now it looks better if when I we
losing I did today see we only winning
that's all looks really good but when
we're losing a baby tomorrow we're just
next game if we were using a TV it just
challenges that we just how can come
back and how we came in if we can do
that a TV really strong team very good
and with echo fox a lot of people are
talking about hooni potentially being
MVP for the split as a top laner
yourself what do you think of maybe who
knee getting MVP
I don't think so to me because he I mean
he just lambda no Picasso
yeah yes for I mean he just three to
well Tim yeah just Tim Kelly but I'm not
sure because he can get but and he just
importantest to is play up thing and he
even flew playfully same Papa Papa month
and good play I think he can get but if
he not good that time maybe a little bit
I cannot get so thing yeah I think but
he almost chance that he he here which
has now so okay yeah he need a show good
Papa us now and good who would you vote
for MVP no one no one gets a VP I I
don't give I don't I don't permit
doesn't matter is MVP just win Tim
better better so
but if but you say no not who knee so
you must have somebody else in your mind
if not who knee and then who I mean just
stick your eye not funny because okay
yes but oh I don't know because because
we will also see like da rock or
smoothie on there my honey not died of
somebody I think if you do the April
choice city people
I'm choice boonie okay honey honey and
BP okay the choice is 50 people like all
the players of the LCS who then I need
time okay but you you still think not
who knee no now now the change my mind
change though Yahoo knee okay so now
we're voting for her name okay good to
know good to know you guys started
training in the new facility the new
office what has that been like for the
team
okay oh it's good because we just
building is the house if we building is
your job you know we just go there and
just practice so I can just no Morgan no
bees and I can just focus more I could
just
I could just take focus more yeah and
yeah I like that there yeah clap golden
Guardians just rolling out Steve comes
by hanging out golden Guardians very
questionable I don't know what's going
on there yeah maybe I don't know he's
talking to Laurel Oh maybe you should go
you should figure out what's happening
Oh actually I go out cutting me maybe
you're going to cat away who does is
there anything you want to say to any of
the teamliquid fans oh thank you for
watching mice my interview and just take
America specs so I can share four points
good more but I think I'm before it it's
not bad but I'm gonna save my cat is bad
but I just really want sure it's my
kitty good but I think it's some time
parent some decent but I can show this
on I know I can
we can show this disbelief group almost
always I think we tried it and we pics
that so just see and I can show you a
couple a thank you
what for thank you so much impact really
appreciate the interview for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel today we live
in an ever-changing world so much is
going on and we just don't know what to
expect next it's just a crazy time but
in these moments you need the comfort of
something stable like my LCS interviews
which you can get by subscribing to this
YouTube channel and are made possible by
Omni slash thank you